Implemented disconnect_player (#10492)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

* `minetest.kick_player(name, [reason])`: disconnect a player with an optional
  reason.
    * Returns boolean indicating success (false if player nonexistant)
* `minetest.disconnect_player(name, [reason])`: disconnect a player with an
  optional reason, this will not prefix with 'Kicked: ' like kick_player.

>   If no reason is given defaults to 'Disconnected.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If no reason is given, it will default to 'Disconnected.'
```
